# In important libraries of PoolTogether, the pow() function of PRBMath is used, which exhibits inconsistent return values

## Lines of code
- https://github.com/GenerationSoftware/pt-v5-prize-pool/blob/4bc8a12b857856828c018510b5500d722b79ca3a/src/libraries/DrawAccumulatorLib.sol#L406-L407
- https://github.com/GenerationSoftware/pt-v5-prize-pool/blob/4bc8a12b857856828c018510b5500d722b79ca3a/src/libraries/TierCalculationLib.sol#L26

## Vulnerability details
The `DrawAccumulatorLib.sol` and `TierCalculationLib.sol` libraries inherit a version of `PRBMath` that contains a critical vulnerability in the `pow()` function, which can return inconsistent values. This vulnerability is of great importance to the PoolTogether protocol, as the `pow()` function is used in the computation of `TierCalculationLib.getTierOdds` and `DrawAccumulatorLib.computeC`. Recently, another protocol has also experienced the same bug, and the creators of the PRBMath have acknowledged this situation. Here is the corresponding link. Due to time constraints, we were unable to thoroughly address certain rounding errors with mul and div functions of SD59x18. However, these errors have been corrected in PRBMath V4.

## Impact
PRBMath `pow()` function can return inconsistent values

## Proof of Concept
Proof of the bug acknowledgment by the creator of the PRBMath

`This PR makes four significant changes:`

- Upgrades to PRBMath v4, which contains the fix for https://github.com/cantinasec/sablier/issues/2 and https://github.com/cantinasec/sablier/issues/1.
- Bumps all other submodules to their most recent versions.
- Increases the minimum Solidity pragma to v0.8.19, since this is a requirement of PRBMath V4.

## Tools Used
Manual review

## Recommended Mitigation Steps
To mitigate this issue, please update the contracts to 0.8.19 and upgrade the PRBMath to version V4.

### Assessed type
Math